Update the pull request template (#1165)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/pull_request_template_bug-fix.md

<!-- Please, fill in the description as completely as possible.-->

### Description

<!-- Explain the issue with the bug (what part of the code, what are the side effects of the bug)

>        How did the bug was found, do you know what commit introduced the bug? -->

Author: The extra spaces are made on purpose since the markdown code on Github is not monospace and I wanted it flushed with the first line

### Solution

<!-- How did you fix the bug?
       Is it a permanent or temporary fix? (if temporary, please open an issue) -->

### Testing

<!-- How has this been tested?
       What are the new test(s) that reproduce the bug?
       Are there changes and/or impacts on current tests, why?
       How did you ensure that the solution works? -->

### Documentation

<!-- Does this fix modify or have new simulation parameters? If so, describe them. -->

> ### Miscellaneous (will be removed when merged)

Author: No this is not a mistake. 
Anything that do not fit in other category in more related to details or communication to reviewers or a trace of something that will still be in kept in the PR archive (nothing is changed, neither the checklist), but are not relevant enough to be in the final commit message.
This is to simply the number of sections.
What do you think?

> ### Miscellaneous (will be removed when merged)

Reviewer: You're right it was just for the future works, that I was thinking that it still might be nice to have them in the message, but maybe it's not necessary.

> <!-- Anything that you would like to add that does not fit into another category

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Anything that you would like to add that does not fit into any of the categories above.
```

       Examples:

>          Future changes or features that will be added in subsequent pull requests
>          Any comments or highlights for the reviewers -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         Future changes or features that will be added in subsequent pull requests.
         Any comments or highlights for the reviewers. -->
```

### Checklist (will be removed when merged)
See [this page](https://chaos-polymtl.github.io/lethe/documentation/contributing.html#pull-requests) for more information about the pull request process.

> *If applicable

Reviewer: Maybe move this line at the bottom? It confused me at first, but maybe it's just me.
(same for other files with it)

Author: It's removed now!

Code related list:

> - [ ] All in-code documentation related to this PR is updated (Doxygen format)*
> - [ ] Lethe documentation is updated*
> - [ ] Fix has unit test(s) (preferred) or application test(s)
> - [ ] The branch has been rebased onto master
> - [ ] Changelog (CHANGELOG.md) is updated
> - [ ] Code is indented with indent-all and .prm files (examples and tests) with prm-indent

Reviewer: (same for other files)

```suggestion
- [ ] All in-code documentation related to this PR has been updated (Doxygen format)*
- [ ] Lethe documentation has been updated*
- [ ] Unit test(s) (preferred) or application test(s) have been added to test the fix
- [ ] The branch has been rebased onto master
- [ ] Changelog (CHANGELOG.md) has been updated
- [ ] Code has been indented with indent-all and .prm files (examples and tests) with prm-indent
```

Author: I must say that I don't fully agree with those changes, but let's discuss here

For me, giving the statement that something have been done means that an action related to modification has been perform. But, what I wanted the checklist to focus on, is the state of the thing and not the process.

For instance with the documentation:
Lethe documentation is updated vs. Lethe documentation has been updated
For me, #1 means the author made sure that the documentation is updated related to its work, maybe the person had to modify documentation or not. 
#2 means that the author had to modify the documentation.

Maybe it is a language interpertation thing, but I think "is" is better
However, it highlights the irrevelancy of the *if application, that I will remove.

What do you think about it :) ?

Pull request related list:
- [ ] Labels have been applied
- [ ] There are at least 2 reviewers (or 1 if small feature) excluding the responsible for the merge
- [ ] If this PR closes an issue or is related to a project, it is linked in the "Projects" or "Development" section

> - [ ] If temporary fix, an issue is opened

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] If the fix is temporary, an issue is opened
```
